Implement `windows_setup.sh --small` differently (#857)
Akuli/jou: CONTRIBUTING.md

    If you have a slow internet connection
    and it takes a long time for `windows_setup.sh` to download mingw64,
    you can instead run `./windows_setup.sh --small`.

>     Instead of downloading the full mingw64 (about 1GB),
>     this will get a minimal version of MinGW from a [release](#releases) of Jou (about 50MB).

Author: ```suggestion
    Instead of downloading the full mingw64 (about 360MB download),
    this will get a minimal version of MinGW from a [release](#releases) of Jou (about 50MB download).
```
